Fix/oxedions/documentation update (#339)
bluebanquise/bluebanquise: resources/documentation/containers.rst

More secure, but less simple (need to specify ports to bind):

.. code-block:: bash

  [root@pc-200 ~]# podman run -d -p 80:80 --name repositories centos:centoswp3
  571eb6e50217d8bf6953353350587b37da0e783eb4b2c0893738cfd44f7db8a0
  [root@pc-200 ~]#

Both ways work.

> Note: 80:80 means 80 on the main host is mapped by 80 inside the container. If
> you wish to used different ports on the hosts, to avoid conflicts, you can
> choose others, for example 8080:80 would bind the 80 of the container on the
> 8080 of the host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: 80:80 means port 80 on the main host is mapped to port 80 of the 
container. If you want to use a different port on the host, you can select any
available port. For example, 8080:80 would map the port 8080 of the host to the
port 80 of the container.
```

Also, other documentation files use `.. note::` for notes. Does it apply here?
